[Music]
stuff okay have you subscribed have you
given it a like Hey what's up today we still have
6 hours of live ahead of us
eh You guys have me you've got me up to my
neck this is what Antonio
David answered yesterday if you want to find out why
click on the post I quote here and if you
want to be a little more surprised follow
this new thread okay This was
Antonio Vid's second rectification yesterday
okay given the controversy created by
content that I mistakenly uploaded to my
channel yesterday I want to say at no
time did I want to appropriate the content
of a colleague I wouldn't do that
intentionally he did it unintentionally I'll talk
to him privately thanks to everyone okay
And then remember well he said a
series of things aside from uploading a video
okay I'm going to put
Antonio David next he says it was a mistake
Download Antonio David says it was a
mistake pay attention I was laughing my ass off with the
video he uploaded to Twitter we'll
see it after the thread okay download a
video edit its content put Pit on the
voice put image filters upload it
make a thumbnail challenge him and  publish it are
a concatenation of actions by mistake
obviously not look at this that I
was commenting yesterday with Kari comedy the
funny thing the news is that just Look at
the message you have from Cristian hr
which is the first response that he is
a follower of mine yes a follower of mine that I
know Well it seems that it is a practice
that it is not the first time that he does it, I
mean that already This is a video from the
Venom Stories Channel the
dark truth behind the viral video of
atic de Torbe and in the following capture
is the video reuploaded by Antonio David
doing the camera filters again
est This makes a day I want to say no
but he has made a video talking about Torbe he has
not made a video
talking about Torbe he has not taken a video
that talks about torpe about torpe about torp and
uploaded it to his channel Indeed my
video was not the only one let's say
fraudulently used by Antonio David pay
attention to this that Cristian sent us yesterday
on the left the video from
Antonio David's channel okay here you see it
with a filter with an overlay okay And here
the original video or rather this makes  one day
eh I mean this was the day before around there So
practically or so this I or so
this has done it all in the same
week or this has gone on vacation
and will have put some edit to That he uploads
videos that he finds out there it
was a mistake forgive me forgive me forgive me
forgive me of course yesterday
we wrote to Venom stories To
comment on the play same modus
operandi of the 8 minutes of
Ben's video I know that there are more than five
speech to the voice image filter well
This is the same in fact I went to
look for the video okay I went to look for the
video and Antonia vi's video lasts Ah I
didn't put the duration here but it lasted
exactly 8 minutes okay 8 minutes what she
needs to monetize and she adds the
intro of her channel okay eh I'm
putting Antonia vi's answer again
because I find it crazy that after
what was armed with my thread you dare
to post this while leaving
another stolen video on your channel okay I repeat let's
ask her to steal content they delete it a
fuss arises with the thread they respond saying that she has  It's
been a mistake they would never make, it's
a partner and while and while they
keep another stolen video, yes, these
are not [ __ ] big, I don't know anymore, but
wait this is not over. Here this morning
this character appeared on the scene,
a moderator of Antonio David and they have
defended themselves again with this, let's see, I'm going to
start. Antonio David did not upload the
full video, that's the first thing is okay, put here he did
not upload the full video which for me
shows that there was no intention to
appropriate the work, the use now that they
put me lose the use of 36 minutes.
Although it may seem significant, it represents
a part of original content but not
a theft of it, it's worth the edition. Although it
was a minimal sample or it's brutal
the clip of Dania that is brutal the clip
of T that is brutal always eh always
always Antonio David did not intend to
illegally appropriate the
content and that is, the reasons why
Tania says that Antonio
wanted to steal the video was that he did not upload the
entire video, he only uploaded 36 minutes and that he
edited it, he put some filters like that but
that he put the filters to make it
prettier, no, no so that it would not jump  in
content ID Moreno very good I don't know I don't know
what you're referring to Well yes yes yes
the objective was to appropriate
steal that content not to leave a video it's
uploaded the hour that it lasted no but
clearly he made changes that were
minimal Yes but he made them then and ant
in the Twitter statement it makes clear
that there was no intention to appropriate the
content of another creator and Well I think
that instead of assuming Bad
intentions no perhaps we should
consider that it was an
honest mistake and that he has shown a willingness to make a
mistake it was an honest mistake to
clarify things not the situation This
for me is one more chapter in a series
Well well of coordinated attacks from
my point of view my opinion against
Antonio David whose objective seems to be Well to
discredit him I don't know if maybe
even many people would be alarmed that he
was expelled from the platform would
you be happy Tania as you were happy that they
kicked me out of the presentation and as you
on your channel you brought people and you made them
say about kicking me off the platform
rimem must be freaking out with this
world eh Let's see sir  fius roughly speaking
is when with your reaction
with your script and voiceover you contribute something
new to a content fius is
basically that you create another content, meaning I
take a clip of Tania like we
just took and I'm creating
another content I mean there's nobody there's
nobody who doesn't want to see me that's going to
come here to see Tania's clip they're
going to come here to see my content
okay what she does I'm providing it as
context okay And to see what she said
okay anyway here remember trying to
explain legitimate use but that's a
bit bread no eh On the other hand I want to
make it clear that I have no problem
with the reaction
But and apart from the fact that you're a guy that if they
give you credit for tatino it bothers you that they
take your content no no Also I
really support the reaction in fact I have a
channel expressly for reactions you
know how could I put myself you
know clear I asked you it's exactly
what I say I always also a lot I
always say that I mean I don't I do
n't put or look there are many times when they
make illegitimate use with my videos and
I no no no  I put TR you're never going to
react to the Tombola car take whatever
you want you know and I've thought about the
new channel sometimes I react to your things
because it's true that you don't even ask me for
permission eh yeah yeah but it's cool that they
tell you but it's what I'm telling you and also
that I as creator to creator I'm always going
to support you know like a community
within a profession that we don't have
many eh many supports and many such if we do
n't support each other [ __ ] we
're screwed and I'm the first one who
[ __ ] that I think it's valuable that
you react to one of my videos because
part of your community is going to know my
channel If they like the video then they're going to you
know they're going to come to my channel and in the end
Well unless I know it's a
malicious reaction you know that I take
alu and and I put you Face to a donkey a
guy with many millions of subscribers you
know something like that is wonderful we don't
need to talk you know that here we
don't talk about each other we don't need
to talk this clip was throwing dicks at me I
don't know if it was me or FJ but I think it was
me because  I went into his live I clicked on
his live to see what he had
said to Marta or Rosito Okay and look at what you
were saying in this video okay you
know that here we don't talk about others
we don't need to talk about others
because we are capable of creating our
own content without having to use
uh no images or videos or moments or
click live or anything like that
because uh I think that it's not not necessary
we are not sufficiently authentic and we
have enough worth and
capacity to be able to develop
our work without having to invade the
work of others because that
part that remains as if it were bad they will be able to
comment on whatever they want to comment on But
that thing of going into the neighbor's house and
exposing In your house what your
neighbor says damn that already says a lot
about the person who opens the
window of his house and does this that I
'm saying the truth you know that here we
don't talk about others we don't have brutal
brutal let's watch the video that
remar has uploaded so that we can see it
a little bit simpler okay here
for example well you see there's a hello
good I'm Rey memba I'm  here editing I have
taken a break editing the video for
my main channel well depending on how you
look at it I might be editing it for
Antonio David and nothing I find it very
funny all this controversy that has arisen
as a result of Antonio David stealing content from
other platform colleagues
apart from me as you have seen in
the thread that I shared a little while ago
but the thing is that I am seeing
quite a few reactions quite a
repercussion I am gaining quite a few
subscribers so what the hell am I going to
add fuel to the fire and at least
take advantage of the situation a little I have seen
eh lovers of the blue tide who defend
Antonio David and well they defend the
action that this has been due to an
error and I want to explain this way
very quickly and very simply what has been
the error or the concatenation of errors
that he has committed so that we can see
everything a little simpler okay here
for example well you see that there is a video
by IB which I like and I think that on my
channel of 130,000 subscribers it
can also work so what I am going to
do is download it to download
a video Well there are multiple  platforms
programs web pages in this case I'm
going to use J downloader okay I already have the
video downloaded so I've gone to a
video editor which is the one in the
project I'm working on I've
simply opened a new
sequence I'm going to load the deb video and
drag it to the timeline no this is
one of the mistakes that has been made
throughout this whole process that I'm going to
explain so what I'm going to do
by mistake is put a filter or
slow down I'm going to put it at 90
exactly And forgive me the expression But
this is you see how the voice sounds
quite a bit deeper because everything
slows down okay if I'm going to put an
effect similar to the one that in this
case Antonio David has put we see here
that there is like a watermark of the
capital I'm going to dedicate myself First things
first any mention of your channel that I
can see I load my watermark I
put it like this to cover the mark that it
exists and then what do I know we
could put an overlay in addition to the
camera well and I can't find an overlay
of the webcam So I'm going to put this
overlay like this here in the little corner okay
after  of committing all this
series of mistakes the next mistake that he
made that he made by mistake
was well, trim it trim the video
a little to his convenience and uh
then by mistake he also
deleted them and by mistake the video was also
exported Ah that's a part that
we haven't commented on apparently We would have to
see the 36 minutes that he uploaded okay but
apparently by Claro the video didn't
last it wasn't complete because he
cut parts in the middle okay And
apparently Rem remember says that one of the
parts that he cuts is when he talks about
the blow that the jewel gave him when he
slapped Antonio AB you
know I don't know if Rem remember put the cli
or talks about what happened turn
the advertising around okay And I think that by
mistake hon this cut that part in the middle
too, that is, he cut parts that he didn't
like okay it's a little while cutting
eh I [ __ ] on the [ __ ] Well when you already
have what would be the Antonio da bitcat the
director's cut Then we would
go to our YouTube channel would you
upload the  video that we just edited
And then yes Well but you would upload that video
but always by mistake I mean you make a
mistake boom you go to the
YouTube page you upload a video well we would put
a totally random title that
was by mistake let's see that title is
default on YouTube I think
noticed everything that was done by mistake eh
It's that I'm pissing myself with this
gossip family you guys it's not that this this
this mistake is brutal it's that it's one of
those who say that Wait Wait I'm going to
tell you something I'm going to tell you something
wait I'm going to show you something There are
people who say there are people who say that
mistakes make you stronger there are people who
say that mistakes make you
stronger Look at the photo that
Antonio David sent me as I was going to see
the capital then I would go Well to look for
a thumbnail and the capital will appear and nothing
related to the topic that
I'm uploading by mistake I upload the
thumbnail that I just downloaded and
by mistake I activate the monetization too
It's that sometimes mistakes are
made and after this mistake then
Only  the mistake of clicking publish
as you can see I don't know if it's true it's
true of course not everyone
knows it not everyone knows it
But when you upload the video you have to
manually activate monetization
there are times when there are times when it comes by
default no no Wait wait
I'm uploading by mistake I upload the
thumbnail that I just downloaded
and by mistake I activate monetization
too It's that sometimes
mistakes are made and after this
mistake
monetization is also true you have to hit it
because I didn't remember that
dude I had in mind that no no
no but fite you the automatic and and the
time it's been since I uploaded a video
because of course the reality is that I don't upload
any video to any channel I don't even
upload a video to the Channel And he still
thinks he's dealing with the
old polls that had television but
here on the internet everyone knows everything is
commented and we're all colleagues So
Antonio David I can only tell you that
you're a thief Well I want to make it clear
that above all this video is dedicated to
all of Antonio David's audience
that  he still sees the time on teletext and
also this woman who says that
everyone steals content and that
in total it's only 36 minutes Antonio
David didn't upload the full video that
first of all okay put me here okay He didn't upload
the full video which to me
shows that there was no intention to
appropriate the work the use now that they
put me I'll lose the use of 36 minutes
Although it seems significant it represents
a part of the original content but it's not
theft if they steal your content and you let them steal your content
and you don't defend what's
yours you are simply an
[ __ ] to the whole blue tide tell them
one little thing it's true it pays me rosito
Ah [ __ ] Tania hasn't said it but I
can see her capable Tania has started to say that
well Tania of course Rem remember didn't
understand her okay I think that Rem
remember must have said this because these
people start saying that there is an
organized plot against Antonio David
and remembers must have believed it or
interpreted that they say it Put rosito
Because surely many people on
Twitter will be saying Ah the carra
quistas I don't know what but in  Actually Tania did
n't say it for Rosito Tania is
saying it for me okay or so it is more
Clear that
[Music]
water i